
All
Videos
Images
Shopping
Web
News
Books
More
Tools
AI Overview
Learn more
…
Windows 10 has a built-in screen recorder called the Xbox Game Bar. It's designed for recording gameplay, but you can also use it to record other activities on your screen. 
To use the Xbox Game Bar to record your screen: 
Open the app you want to record. 
Press the Windows logo key+Alt+R to start recording. 
To stop recording, press Windows logo key+Alt+R again. 
You can also use the following keyboard shortcuts:
Windows logo key+G: Opens the Game Bar
Windows logo key+Alt+M: Toggles the microphone on and off 
Here are some things to know about the Xbox Game Bar: 
Screen recordings are automatically saved as MP4 files in your Captures folder. 
You can't trim, cut, or add effects to your recordings without using separate software. 
If Alt+R isn't working, it might be because the application you're using doesn't support that shortcut, or there might be a conflict with another shortcut key combination. 
How to Screen Record Windows 10 PC for free - CyberLink
26 Jul 2024 — How to Screen Record on Windows 10 With Built-in Options. Follow the steps below to learn how to screen record on Windo...

CyberLink
Use a screen reader to record your screen with Xbox Game Bar
It's simple to record a clip of what's happening on your screen with the Xbox Game Bar. Make sure you have enabled Xbox Game Bar a...

Microsoft Support
How to Screen Record on Windows 10 or 11 (With Audio!) - TechSmith
14 Aug 2024 — Here's how to make a Windows screen recording using the Game Bar: * Step 1: Open the Game Bar. Starting up the Game Ba...

TechSmith
Show all
Generative AI is experimental.
বাংলায়
In English
Windows key+Alt+R: Start or stop recording. Windows key+ Alt+G: Record the last 30 seconds of screen activity. Windows key+Alt+B: Turn HDR on or off. Windows key+Alt+PrtScn: Take a static screenshot of your screen activity.21 Aug 2024

How to screen record in Windows 10 or 11 with built-in tools

ZDNET
https://www.zdnet.com › ... › Creativity Software
About featured snippets
•
Feedback
People also ask
Does Windows 10 have a screen recorder?
How do I open built-in screen recorder in Windows 10?
Does Windows 10 have a recorder?
How do I Record myself screen on Windows 10?
Feedback

how to add screen recording feature in window 10

Microsoft Community
https://answers.microsoft.com › windows › forum › all
8 Jul 2023 — You have two options to add a screen recording feature in Windows 10. One built-in option is to use the Xbox Game Bar. Another option is to use third-party ...
Videos

1:37
How to record screen with Windows 10 (FREE!)
YouTube · Mike Tholfsen
7 Apr 2020

4 key moments in this video

3:47
How to Use Windows 10 Built-In Screen Recorder | Step-by ...
YouTube · Torogi Pro
18 Jan 2021

6 key moments in this video

8:20
Windows 10 Screen Recorder and Video Editor (FREE)
YouTube · Teacher's Tech
15 Mar 2020

10 key moments in this video
View all

How to Screen Record in Windows 10 or Windows 11

Tom's Hardware
https://www.tomshardware.com › ... › Windows
30 Jan 2024 — Hit the Windows Key + Alt + R to start screen recording. A small recording widget showing how long you've been recording appears somewhere on ...

How to Screen Record Windows 10 PC for free

CyberLink
https://www.cyberlink.com › Blog › Video Editing
26 Jul 2024 — Here's how to screen record on Windows 10 using a shortcut key - simply hit the Windows Key + Alt + R. A small widget will appear in the corner ...

How to Screen Record on Windows 10 or 11 (With Audio!)

TechSmith
https://www.techsmith.com › blog › screen-record-windows
14 Aug 2024 — We'll walk you through everything you need to know. Graphic showing four screen recording tools for Windows 10 and 11: Xbox Game Bar, Snipping Tool, Snagit, ...

A Step-by-Step Guide to Screen Record on Windows

Animoto
https://animoto.com › blog › video-tips › how-to-screen...
2 Nov 2022 — Windows' built-in screen recorder, Xbox Game Bar, is built into both Windows 10 and 11. It was originally designed to help gamers record their ...

4 Ways to Screen Record on Windows 10 and 11 with Audio

Movavi
https://www.movavi.com › learning-portal › record-scre...
6 days ago — Movavi Screen Recorder is our special pick for screen recording on Windows 10 with audio. It is a great choice for its multipurpose recording system.

Use a screen reader to record your screen with Xbox Game ...

Microsoft Support
https://support.microsoft.com › en-us › windows › use-a...
Use the Xbox Game Bar with your keyboard and a screen reader to record a video clip of your favorite game or app.

How to Record Screen on Windows 10

How-To Geek
https://www.howtogeek.com › Windows
Windows 10 has its own built-in screen recording tool that is accessed through the Xbox Game Bar (Windows+G). The Capture tool allows you to record your screen ...
Other people search

OBS Studio

Clipchamp

VSDC Free Video Editor

CapCut

Screen Recorder ‑ XRecorder

Zoom
Feedback
Free inbuilt screen recorder for windows 10
Screen recorder Windows 10 shortcut
How to screen record on Windows 10 with audio
Shortcut key for screen recording in Windows 11
Windows screen recorder with audio
Free screen Recorder Windows 10
Screen Recorder Windows 11
How to record screen on Windows 11 with audio
